IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION FOR IBM ASPERA DRIVE

The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web 
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details 
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed 
above ("the Program"). 

Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee 
may have with IBM, the third party code identified below are subject to 
the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program 
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below. 
The notices are provided for informational purposes. 

Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used 
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it. 

IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in 
this NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of 
IBM and IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any 
third party web site referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM 
disclaims any and all liability for errors and omissions or for any 
damages accruing from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, 
including without limitation URLs or references to any third party 
websites. 


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE REMAINDER OF THIS IBM NOTICES FILE CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING 
SECTIONS:

BSD                       
CPL                       
MIT                       
MPL V2.0                  
MSPL (MICROSOFT PUBLIC LICENSE)

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM 
obtained under the BSD 3-Clause License:

FireBreath (Copyright 2010 Georg Fritzsche and the Firebreath
development team), otkit (Copyright (C) 2009 Jared Hanson), ppapi
(Copyright (c) 2012 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.), Qt
Solutions component. (Copyright (C) 2010 Nokia Corporation and/or its
subsidiary(-ies).)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
* Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its 
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
  this software without specific prior written permission. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER 
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

END OF BSD LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Common Public License (source code available via the indicated
URL):

Windows Template Library
(https://sourceforge.net/projects/wtl/files/WTL%208.0/)

END OF COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MIT LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the MIT License:

Atl-server (Copyright (C) Microsoft Corporation), jQuery-ui (Copyright
(c) 2011 Paul Bakaus; Copyright 2011, AUTHORS.txt)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions: 

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included 
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 

END OF MIT LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under the Mozilla Public License, Version 2.0 (source code available via 
the indicated URL): 

gecko-sdk
(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Gecko/Gecko_SDK),
Mozilla root certificates
(http://hg.mozilla.org/releases/mozilla-release/raw-file/default/securit
y/nss/lib/ckfw/builtins/certdata.txt)

END OF MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MICROSOFT PUBLIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Microsoft Public License:

Microsoft Office Fluent User Interface

END OF MICROSOFT PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following licensed to you as 
Separately Licensed Code under the GNU General Public License. For 
copies of the source code for this software, send an email to 
support@aspera.zendesk.com identifying the IBM product and the 
GPL-licensed program for which you are requesting the source code. 

cygwin 1.7.15-1 
END OF GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

END OF NOTICE FILE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
